Grandury, M., Aula-Blasco, J., Falcão, J., Fourrier, C., González, M., Martínez, G. & Santamaría, G. (2025). La Leaderboard: A Large Language Model Leaderboard for Spanish Varieties and Languages of Spain and Latin America
Grandury, M. (2024). The #Somos600M Project : Generating NLP resources that represent the diversity of the languages from LATAM, the Caribbean, and Spain. In Conference of the Nations of the Americas Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics : LatinX in AI (LXAI) Research Workshop 2024, Mexico City, Mexico.
Salazar, I., Fernández Burda, M., Bin Islam, S. Soltani Moakhar, A., Singh, S., Farestam, F., Romanou, A., ... Grandury, M. ... (2025). Kaleidoscope : In-language Exams for Massively Multilingual Vision Evaluation
Fu, T., Conde, J., Martínez, G., & Grandury, M., Reviriego, P. (2025). Multiple Choice Questions : Reasoning makes Large Language Models (LLMs) more self-confident even when they are wrong.
Mayor-Rocher, M., Melero, N., Merino-Gómez, E., Grandury, M., Conde, J., & Reviriego, P. (2024). Evaluating large language models with tests of Spanish as a foreign language : Pass or fail?
Plaza, I., Melero, N., del Pozo, C., Conde, J., Reviriego, P., Mayor-Rocher, M., & Grandury, M. (2024). Spanish and LLM Benchmarks : Is MMLU lost in translation?
García-Ferrero, I., & Altuna, B. (2024). NoticIA : A Clickbait Article Summarization Dataset in Spanish. In Procesamiento del Lenguaje Natural, 73, 191-207.
Huerta, G. & Zuñiga Rojas, G. (2024). Identificación de textos relacionados al cambio climático y sustentabilidad utilizando modelos de lenguaje preentrenados en español. In Conference of the Nations of the Americas Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics : LatinX in AI (LXAI) Research Workshop 2024, Mexico City, Mexico.
Morales-Garzón, A., Benel Ramirez, S., Tuco Casquino, G., A. Rocha, O., & Medina, A. (2024). Aprendiendo a cocinar de manera saludable con Large Language Models, Supervised Fine Tuning y Retrieval Augmented Generation. In Conference of NAACL: LatinX in AI (LXAI) Research Workshop 2024, Mexico City, Mexico.
Jair Bejarano Sepulveda, E., Nicolai Potes Patiño, H., Pineda Montoya, S., Ivan Rodriguez, F., Enrique Orduy, J., Stevens Traslaviña, D., Mauricio Rosales, A. & Nicolás Madrid, S. (2024). Towards Improved RAC Accessibility : Dataset and LLMs, approachto enhancing RAC accessibility. In Conference of the Nations of the Americas Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics : LatinX in AI (LXAI) Research Workshop 2024, Mexico City, Mexico.